🌱 Tiltfile: rename deploy_kustomizations to additional_kustomizations (#9439)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/tilt.md

\*: Note: the UI will be accessible via a link in the tilt console

> **additional_kustomizations** (map[string]string, default={}): If set, installs the additional kustomizations to the cluster.

Reviewer: niy
```suggestion
**additional_kustomizations** (map[string]string, default={}): If set, install the additional resources built using kustomize to the cluster.
```
